1. Simulator loaded: The one-page client exposes seven seeded controls and an explicit empty gateway-response state.
2. Refresh stability: A full browser reload returns to a clean form. No selected trade or persisted player context exists in this GUI.
3. Happy path — order issued: The GUI packet traverses Quilkin and the gateway. PostgreSQL confirms an OPEN order with four units in escrow.
4. Happy path — completed: Full acceptance completes the order, adds four Tritanium to the buyer stack, credits 100 ISK, and debits 100 ISK.
5. Partial fill — order issued: A ten-unit order is created to validate remaining quantity and multi-step completion.
6. Partial fill — six remain: The first buyer action fills four units. Database evidence shows OPEN with six units remaining.
7. Partial fill — completed: The remaining six units settle and the same trade row moves to COMPLETED; no duplicate trade row is created.
8. Cancel outstanding order: Cancellation marks the trade CANCELLED and returns all five unfilled items to the seller stack.
9. Cancel after partial fill: Three purchased units remain with the buyer; only the five unfilled units are refunded before the order is cancelled.
10. Invalid issue matrix: Zero, negative, excessive, missing, non-numeric, huge, wrong-owner, and wrong-station inputs are rejected without creating trades.
11. Invalid accept matrix: Invalid quantities, ownership, wallet, funds, missing IDs, cancelled trades, and completed trades return specific errors without corrupting state.
12. Identity and authorization: The authenticated UDP edge rejects a principal mismatch; this development-only harness intentionally keeps every seeded test action visible.
13. Duplicate and retry safety: Rapid create, buy, and cancel clicks produce one settlement each. Immediate refresh produces at most one order.
14. Item-exchange controls: The contract-labeled controls map to the same settlement lifecycle and complete a one-unit item exchange.
15. Direct-trade controls: The direct-trade Offer and Accept buttons also reach settlement and complete exactly one trade row.
16. Two-tab acceptance race: Two browser tabs submit different acceptance IDs against the same order. One succeeds; the other is rejected; items and ISK move once.
17. Dependency outage: With Market stopped, the response reports downstream unavailability and the action button stays disabled until the request completes.
18. QA summary: 57 checks pass. 0 GUI/UX checks expose real gaps; backend conservation and duplicate-settlement checks hold.